[DOCS] Bulk action handling for detection rules (#2328)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-manage.asciidoc

You can edit an existing rule's settings, and can bulk edit index patterns, tags, and Timeline templates for multiple rules at once.

[NOTE]
====
For prebuilt Elastic rules, you can't modify most settings. You can only edit <<rule-schedule, rule actions>> and <<detections-ui-exceptions, add exceptions>>.

> If you try to bulk edit with both prebuilt and custom rules selected, the action will affect only the custom rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you try to bulk edit with both prebuilt and custom rules selected, the action will affect only custom rules.
```

> If you try to bulk edit with both prebuilt and custom rules selected, the action is applied only to the custom rules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you try to bulk edit with both prebuilt and custom rules selected, the action will affect only the custom rules.
```

[[import-export-rules-ui]]
=== Export and import rules

You can export custom detection rules to an `.ndjson` file, which you can then import into another {elastic-sec} environment. 

[NOTE]
====

> You cannot export Elastic prebuilt rules, but you can duplicate a prebuilt rule and then export the duplicated rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot export Elastic prebuilt rules, but you can duplicate a prebuilt rule, then export it.
```

Author: I think we still need to reiterate "the duplicated rule" at the end for clarity, since grammatically "it" points back to "a prebuilt rule" since it's the closest noun.
```suggestion
You cannot export Elastic prebuilt rules, but you can duplicate a prebuilt rule, then export the duplicated rule.
```

> If you try to export with both prebuilt and custom rules selected, only to the custom rules are exported.

Reviewer 3: `only to the custom rules are exported` - perhaps `to` is a typo

Author: Good catch, thanks!
```suggestion
If you try to export with both prebuilt and custom rules selected, only the custom rules are exported.
```
